Why did the actor decide to join a war film? Because he thought it was another genre of reality TV show! Speaking of reality TV, let me tell you about this new war film, Warfare. Boy, oh boy, is it a doozy. Loaded up with the internet’s most beloved heartthrobs – we have Joseph Quinn, Kit Connor, Charles Melton, D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, and Noah Centineo among the ranks. Alongside them are Will Poulter, Michael Gandolfini, and Cosmo Jarvis, the latter two having had a brief stint in the circus of prestigious films. 

The director is none other than Alex Garland, the mad scientist who thought it was a good idea to base a movie on Ray Mendoza's traumatic 'War and Peace' version of a holiday in Iraq. The cast? A parade of actors whose most significant war experience was probably the battle for the last slice of pizza on set. After this news broke, the public's reaction was roughly equivalent to seeing a penguin trying to navigate a desert – bizarre and slightly disturbing.

The roles aren’t exactly steeped with backstory, so the motley crew is pretty much playing themselves in fatigues. Quinn, for instance, insists it’s all about authenticity and not patronizing the audience. In other words, they’re banking on you knowing it's just Quinn in a camouflage onesie and not an actual Navy SEAL. 

Connor, the heartthrob, hopes his mere presence won't distract from the film’s somber nature. Garland, meanwhile, seems blissfully unaware of his actors' heartthrob status, casting them purely for their youthful appearance and their ability to convincingly hold a gun.

The film's opening scene is a total ruse, with the cast watching an Eric Prydz video, a far cry from the ensuing blood and thunder. Connor describes it as a look into the 'ecosystem of the platoon', which I guess is a fancy way of saying, "We're all good looking, but we can act tough too."

And, as for boot camp? According to Poulter, it was the great balancer. All egos had to be left at the door, and the fresh-faced celebs were reminded of the monumental skill gap between themselves and actual Navy SEALs. 

In summary, Warfare is a bunch of heartthrobs playing war, based on a real-life story that'll break your heart. It’s a bold gamble of Hollywood glamour meets horrifying reality. But hey, isn't that the essence of show business?