





Manage your account



Originally appeared onE! Online

An American YouTuber is in legal trouble.

Mykhailo Viktorovych Polyakov, a 24-year-old from Arizona, wasarrestedby Indian police on March 31 for visiting the restricted territory of North Sentinel Island in the Indian Ocean in an attempt to make contact with the Sentinelese tribe, police said,according to NBC News.

Polyakov used GPS navigation to bring him to the island which he surveyed with binoculars before landing, per police, who said while staying on the beach for about an hour,the content creatoralso blew a whistle to try and attract the tribe’s attention, though he got no response.

Before departing, he left a can of Diet Coke and a coconut on the sand as an offering, police noted. In addition, he recorded a video on his camera and collected samples.

Polyakov was arrested in Port Blair, the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, after he was spotted by local fisherman who reported his actions to authorities. According to NBC News, a case was registered for violating Indian laws that prohibit outsiders from interacting with the islanders.

More from E! Online

Machine Gun Kelly Shares New "Dad" Pics After Welcoming Baby With Megan Fox

Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green's 3 Kids Pose in Rare Pic That Will Melt Hearts

White Lotus' Walton Goggins Reflects on Wife Leanne Knight's Death by Suicide 20 Years Later

Police claim Polyakov had researched sea and tidal conditions before his journey, as well as accessibility to the island, with Senior Police OfficerHargobinder Singh Dhaliwalsaying, “He planned meticulously over several days to visit the island and make a contact with the Sentinel tribe.”

Police said in an additional statement, per NBC News, that Polyakov’s “actions posed a serious threat to the safety and well-being of the Sentinelese people, whose contact with outsiders is strictly prohibited by the law to protect their indigenous way of life.”

An initial investigation discovered Polyakov allegedly attempted to visit the island twice previously, with police saying he was fascinated by the island and the Sentinelese people.

Polyakov was sentenced to 14 days of judicial custody by a local court and is scheduled to appear in court again on April 17, per NBC News, and his charges reportedly carry a possible sentence of up to five years in prison and a fine.

Visitors are, according to NBC News, banned from traveling within 3 miles of North Sentinel Island as the inhabitants—whose population has been isolated for thousands of years—have been known to be suspicious of outsiders and have attacked people who land on their beaches.

Contact is limited to rare instances in which Indian officials engage in “gift-giving” encounters, according to NBC News, which often involves small groups leaving coconuts and bananas for the tribe. Indian ships monitor the waters around the island in an attempt to prevent outsiders from making contact.

Following Polyakov’s arrest, a U.S. State Department spokesperson shared in a statement, “The Department has no higher priority than the safety and security of U.S. citizens abroad. We are aware of reports of the detention of a U.S. citizen in India. We take our commitment to assist U.S. citizens abroad seriously and are monitoring the situation."

Meanwhile, director of Survival International Caroline Pearce, whose organization protects the rights of indigenous peoples, slammed Polyakov.

“This person’s actions not only endangered his own life, they put the lives of the entire Sentinelese tribe at risk,” she wrote, citing uncontacted peoples’ susceptibility to disease, on the organization’s website. “The Sentinelese have made their wish to avoid outsiders incredibly clear over the years.”

E! News has attempted to reach out to Polyakov for comment but has not yet heard back.

(E! News and NBC News are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)

For more of YouTube's biggest scandals, keep reading.

Colleen Ballinger

Her YouTube alter ego may sing, but it'sColleen Ballingerwhofaced the musicin 2023. The Internet star known for her intentionally awkward Miranda Sings persona found herself facing allegations of grooming and forming inappropriate relationships with underage fans.In a since-deleted June video titled "why I left the colleen ballinger fandom…", YouTuberKodeeRantsshared screenshots of an alleged text exchange between Colleen and her followers, accusing the comedian of forming exploitative relationships with underage fans.Per NBC News, the unverified group text was named "Colleeny's Weenies," with the performer allegedly asking her fans their "favorite position" during one conversation. NBC News was unable to verify the screenshots.Days later, content creatorAdam McIntyre—who first began running a fan account for Miranda Sings when he was 10—responded with videos on his own YouTube claiming Ballinger grooms her fans emotionally.Ballinger has yet to directly respond to his claims, nor did she respond to E! News' request for comment. But on June 28, the mother of three addressed the accusations in a 10-minute ukulele song posted to her personal YouTube account. In the video, Ballingerlikened the accusationsto a "toxic gossip train" headed for "manipulation station" as the rest of the internet "tie me to the tracks and harass me for my past."In July, the remaining dates of her Miranda Sings tour were canceled. She hasn't posted to social media since.



Girl, watch your mouth. It all started when theGirl, Wash Your Faceauthor posted about her house cleaner and it got increasingly dirty.In a clip of thesince-deleted postresurfaced byAngie Treasure, Hollis referenced an April 2021 livestream where she spoke about a woman who "cleans the toilets," noting that "someone commented and said, 'You're privileged AF' and I was like, 'You're right. I'm super freaking privileged, but also I worked my ass off to have the money to have someone come twice a week and clean my toilets' and I told her that. And then she said, 'Well, you're unrelatable.'"Hollis' response was to explain she had no interest in being relatable pointing out that icons and historical figures likeHarriet Tubman,Ruth Bader Ginsburg,Marie CurieandOprah Winfreywere "all unrelatable AF."Exceptwhile selling millions of copies of her books is great, a revered abolitionist she is not.Days later, Hollis issued an Instagram apology, explaining, "I know I've caused tremendous pain in mentioning prominent women—including several women of color—whose struggles and achievements I can't possibly understand." Moreover, she continued, "I disregarded the people whose hard work doesn't afford them financial security, often due to inherently racist and biased systems."Added theGirl, Stop Apologizingauthor, "The important thing for me to do now, something I should have already done, is honestly, be quiet and listen."



In March 2020, the founder of the Something Navy clothing line and the OG blog told her Instagram followersshe had tested positivefor COVID-19, vowing to quarantine in her Manhattan apartment with husbandBrandon Charnasand their daughtersRubyandEsme. But eight days later, her whole crew—including her nanny—decamped to the Hamptons.Let's just say, it wasn't her best look. The comments on her Instagram page grew increasingly heated as she boasted about taking walks outdoors for "fresh air"rather than maintain social distance.

When her husband cracked that only "hot" people were getting the virus, emotions boiled over.

She later posteda lengthy apologyaddressing many concerns—their nanny was with them because she, too, had contracted the virus; they had doormen clear out the lobby of their building before departing, hadn't stopped for gas and had groceries delivered; her Hamptons pad was on a relatively isolated street—but the damage lingered.Nordstrom, who had been carrying Charnas' line, announced they wouldn't renew the contract that had expired in 2019. In response, Charnas, who welcomed third daughterNavyin 2021, pivoted to a direct-to-consumer relaunch, explaining, "I wanted more control," and is now back to posting about her favorite Shopbop picks andcollabswith A Pea in the Pod.Her valuable takeaway, she shared onThe Glossy Podcast, "People wanted me to be more sensitive about what was going on in the world, and I should have been."



In 2020 fashion influencerEmily Gellis Landedished out a healthy serving of criticism to registered dietitian Zuckerbrot. In a series of posts, Gellis Lande shared anonymous tales from dieters, not verified by E! News, at least one of which who said she had paid upwards of $20,000 to follow the New Yorker's high-fiber F-Factor Diet only to experience rashes, intense cramps, indications of metal poisoning and—in the most extreme allegation—a miscarriage. Gellis Lande's crusade caught the attention ofThe New York Timeswhich published a piecedetailing the saga.Having hired lawyerLanny Davis, once White House special council to former presidentBill Clinton, Zuckerbrot denied the claims and the suggestion that her plan led to disordered eating, telling the paper that across upwards of 176,000 purchases of her snack bars and powders she had received just 50 health complaints. She later released a Certificate of Analysis to dispute concerns the products contained heavy metals andwent onTodayto further defend her program.As for Gellis Lande, Zuckerbrot is hardly impressed. "I believe in her mind she thinks she's helping people and that the lifestyle I lead is poisoning everyone and giving them anorexia," Zuckerbrot,who's workedwithMegyn Kelly, sniped to theTimes. "But she's a fashion blogger."Zuckerbrotfiled two lawsuitsagainst Gellis Lande, claiming she "began a smear campaign to destroy" her brand. Both suits are pending. Gellis Lande has denied the claims.



Much of the world underwent a long overdue racial awakening in 2020. But it was stylist—andMeghan Marklefriend—Jessica Mulroneywho got a wake-up call. In a nearly 12-minute Instagram video, lifestyle bloggerSasha Exeterexplained her issues with her acquaintance began when Mulroney "took offense" to Exeter's plea that her followers "use their voice for good and help combat the race war and what's happening to the Black community."Believing the message target her, Exeter continued, Mulroney engaged in "very problematic" behavior, allegedly speaking poorly about Exeter to other brands and "sending me a threat in writing." Though Mulroney commented on Exeter's video with an apology, she later sent a DM that Exeter shared, Mulroney writing, "Liable [sic] suit. Good luck."Though Mulroney posteda mea culpato her own followers, announcing her intentions to promote "Black voices by having them take over my account and share their experience," CTV announced they were dropping her reality showI Do, Redo.Speaking "about the situation surrounding my wife, Jessica," her husbandBen Mulroneystepped down from his roleas co-host of CTV'seTalk, stating, "It is my hope that the new anchor is Black, Indigenous, or a person of color who can use this important platform to inspire, lead, and make change." But the mom of threedidget to keep her high-profile friendship,writing in a since-deleted post, "Meghan and I are family. She is the kindest friend."



Known for such cinematic greatness as "I DUCT TAPED My Brothers $400,000 Dollar TRUCK!" andgetting firedfrom Disney Channel'sBizaardvark, the Vine star turned YouTube personality graduated to the big leagues in 2020.On the morning of Aug. 5, FBI authoritiesexecuted a federal search warrantat Paul's Calabasas, Calif., home, the bureau confirming it was in connection to a May 30 incident at a Scottsdale, Ariz., mall. Broadcasting live from a Black Lives Matter protest that ended at the city's Fashion Square Mall, Paul unlawfully entered and remained inside the shopping center after cops ordered everyone to leave,police insisted in a statement. (Paul responded on Twitter that while he was documenting the protest, "neither I nor anyone in our group was engaged in any looting or vandalism.")Conversation about the reason for the FBI raid grew as outsized as his YouTube following, asvideofrom a local ABC station showedmultiple firearms being carried into a police vehicle, Paulinsisted in a since-deletedAug. 12 video that the search was "entirely related to the Arizona looting situation that happened. It's an investigation. There are rumors about it having to do with so many other things that have nothing to do with me or my character and the s--t that people are making up is absolutely absurd."While no charges were filed, Paul's attorneytold E! Newsin a statement that they intended to "cooperate with the investigation."



More than a year aftermaking up withfellow beauty vloggerTati Westbrook, the YouTube sensation started falling into some new feuds. First, in an August 2020 subtweet "about how I thought some celebrities shouldn't launch makeup lines," he insinuated that perpetually bare-facedAlicia Keyshad no business having a skincare collection,later apologizingbecause he's "not the gatekeeper of makeup."But not two weeks later theInstant Influencerhost was forced to cover up another mistake when he came forLauren Conrad's new beauty line. SlammingThe Hillsalum in a series of Instagram Stories, he showed his 22 million followers the empty packaging he'd received "from a new makeup brand from somebody who has no business having a makeup brand."Fortunately the LC Lauren Conrad fashion designerdidn't shed a single mascara tear, hilariously copping to her misstep on Instagram by blaming the "woman who put together the gifts" (read: the winged eyeliner expert herself). Having put empty samples into a bag to test if they would fit, "When beauty products arrived and it was time to fill all the makeup bags she (again, me) accidentally included the bag full of empties with the others and it was sent out," Conrad shared. "She will be let go immediately."Charles later apologized, saying the videos were meant to be funny and sharing that "Lauren and I spoke privately about the misunderstanding & are both good." Still, it's pretty clear heknowswhat he did.



Myka Stauffer

WhenThe Stauffer Lifevlogger and YouTuber kicked off a May 2020 video by saying, "This is by far the hardest videoJamesand I have ever publicly had to make," it was evident she wouldn't be sharing her newborn nighttime routine or her daily diet. Instead, she and her husband revealed they had placed their then-4-year-old sonHuxley, adopted from China in 2017, with "his now new forever family" after struggling to manage his autism.The reaction from their nearly 1 million subscribers could best becategorized as outraged, fans debating whether the couple—parents to four other children—were simply naive or had exploited Huxley for clicks and donations only to discard him when his care became too challenging. The two lost followers and brand collaborators, the likes of Fabletics, Suave and Danimalsannouncing that they were severing tiesand Ohio's Delaware County Sheriff's Office evenconfirmed to E! Newsthat they were investigating the well-being of Huxley.Authorities announced in late June that theyhad closed their case"without any charges," but Myka's brand remains shut down as well. A once constant Internet presence, she hasn't posted to YouTube or Instagram since she issued a lengthystatement, apologizing for "being so naive when I started the adoption process," and noting that they were "not under any type of investigation."



Quite the ride. When Hall announced in May 2020 that he and his fellow TikTok star "might do a whole road trip all the way across country in the next few days..." they received more than just the sightseeing recommendations they were after. Hall's Twitter followers were already less than thrilled that the two were flouting stay at home recommendations to take a trip, causing the Gen Z idol to shoot back, "most states lifted quarantine, the boys are driving across country staying out of contact from everyone... it's not that deep."But they dug an even deeper hole when they passed through Lee County, Tex. five days later, the sheriff's office confirmingthat Hall was arrestedand charged with possession of marijuana and Hossler arrested and charged with possession of controlled substances. (They both posted bail the next day. E! News reached out to both reps for comment at the time. Hall's rep declined to comment; Hossler's didn't respond.)In a June essay, HalltoldPeoplehe'd "started on the path" toward getting sober: "While I've messed up in the past, I'm learning and growing... and I will make you proud. I promise."



Some pranks are cute. Say,George ClooneyandBrad PittcoveringJulia Roberts' dressing room door in shaving cream. This is not that. In October 2019, the YouTube personalities, known as the Stokes Twins clad themselves in black and,pretending as if they'd just robbed a bank, called an Uber to serve as a getaway while a camera rolled. Definitelynotin on the joke, the Uber driver refused to peel away and a bystandercalled the cops."Irvine police arrived and ordered the Uber driver out at gunpoint," the Orange County District Attorney's Office later shared in a press release. The driver was released once authorities determined he was not involved, the release continued, and "police issued a warning to the Stokes brothers about the dangers of their conduct."Four hours later the twins allegedly recreated the routine on the University of California, Irvine campus, resulting in their arrest. Facing up to four years in prison if convicted on false imprisonment and swatting charges, they received the ire of Orange County D.A.Todd Spitzer, who said in a statement, "These are crimes that could have resulted in someone getting seriously injured or even killed."Ina 2020 news release, their lawyer said, "We can say without hesitation that our clients are in fact not guilty of any crimes." Still, theypled guiltyto lesser charges of misdemeanor false imprisonment and reporting false emergencies, receiving 160 hours of community service and one year of probation.



Crowned the "King of YouTube" for his lengthy videos that earned him some 34 million followers, Dawson saw his reign end in June 2020 after he posted a since-deleted explosive tweet about why he was leaving the online beauty community. "They are all attention seeking, game playing, egocentric, narcissistic, vengeful, two-faced, ticking time bombs ready to explode. And I'm OVER it," he griped, calling out James Charles in particular as "a young, egocentric, power-hungry guru who needed to be served a slice of humble pie in the size of the f--king Empire State Building."His followers were not impressed, noting that those that live in glass glam rooms shouldn't throw stones. And within days Dawson hadposted a 20-minute videotitled "Taking Accountability" in which he apologized for his own bad behavior, noting "I have done a lot of things in my past that I hate," including using blackface, making racist remarks and jokes about pedophilia and posting avideothat sexualized a then-11-year-oldWillow Smith."This video is coming from a place of just wanting to own up to my s--t, wanting to own up to everything I've done on the internet that has hurt people, that has added to the problem, that has not been handled well," he said. "I should have been punished for things." Which he was, YouTubesuspending his abilityto monetize his three accounts.He returned to creating content in 2021, saying, "I'm so grateful that I got cancelled, because it reallychanged my life."

For the latest breaking news updates, click here to download the E! News App