





Manage your account



The Kansas City Chiefs lost the NFL Super Bowl game this season. Following the defeat,Travis KelceandTaylor Swifthave chosen to distance themselves from the spotlight. An exclusive report revealed the pair’s realization that public attention was not doing them any good. Reports of the tight end player attributing his Super Bowl loss toSwiftcaused widespread criticism from the singer’s fans. However, as per the latest reports, “Travis is going all in for this season,” and Swift is supposedly “all about it.”

Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift have reportedly decided to step out of the public eye to help Kelce focus solely on the NFL games. Following the Kansas City Chiefs’ loss in February, the couple stayed low-key, avoiding media attention. Per theDaily Mail’sexclusive report, insiders claimed that the couple would no longer be “out and about as much as they have been.”

The report, featuring Kelce’s insiders, suggested that the player struggled with his fame after getting together with Swift. Hence, instead of letting the relationship distract him, the NFL star will go “all in this season.” The insider added, “The only thing that could derail him would be injury.” Further reporting, “He wants to be the reason that the Chiefs return to the Super Bowl,” the insider claimed, “Taylor is all about it.”

Besides emphasizing Kelce’s desire to win, the insider reported that the pair’s relationship is “going great.” Fueling the player’s retirement rumors, the insider added he was “heavily leaning towards retirement after this season.” Thus, Kelce wanted to “keep his head down, play better, train harder, and not allow any unnecessary drama to ruin anything along the way.”

Despite their attempts to keep it hush, the media trails the couple everywhere. However, with Travis Kelce’s alleged commitment to the NFL game and Taylor Swift’s continuous support, they continue to stand by each other amid drama, speculation, and rumors.

Originally reported by Ishika Mishra onReality Tea.

The postTaylor Swift Taking a Step Back From Travis Kelce’s NFL Games, ‘Source’ Revealsappeared first onMandatory.