Well, folks, it appears the line between crime procedural dramas and Los Angeles's reality is blurrier than the vision through a pair of dollar store reading glasses.

Our leading lady in this episode of "Law & Order: Backyard Brigade" is none other than Jillian Shriner, a best-selling author who went from penthouse harem to police crosshairs. A fabulously eccentric turn of events, wouldn't you agree? 

On a sunny Tuesday afternoon, Jillian found herself in her backyard, right in the middle of a good ol' fashioned L.A. manhunt. A freewheeling hit-and-run suspect was on the loose, and the LAPD, in an episode of 'Hide and Seek: Grown-up Edition,' ended up in Jillian’s backyard. Jillian, who I'm guessing must have been on a high from her latest detective novel, fancied herself an honorary officer and had her handgun drawn. Now, while Jillian’s intentions were probably more Nancy Drew than Bonnie and Clyde, the police, understandably, didn’t quite see it that way.

A gunshot and a trip to the hospital later, Jillian was booked for attempted murder. Wrap your head around that, folks: Jillian, the author whose closest encounters with crime used to be on paper, might now get a first-hand taste of the American justice system. It's almost as if she's auditioning for a role in Netflix's next prison drama.

Meanwhile, the hit-and-run suspect, having taken a page from 'The Emperor's New Clothes,' abandoned threads in favor of a more 'au naturel' look. This gentleman was discovered lounging about in his boxers, watering plants, and taking a dip in a pool – a regular afternoon for a Californian, minus the looming police helicopters overhead.

So there you have it - another day in the life of the City of Angels! Jillian Shriner went from writing about harems and serial killers to starring in her own twisted version of 'Cops'. Weezer, the band her husband plays bass for, is surely now wondering if they’ll be performing at Coachella or a court hearing. And the hit-and-run suspect learnt that in the real world, skinny dipping isn't the best strategy to camouflage oneself from pursuing officers.

So, be careful when you hear sirens next time, folks. Who knows, you might just be next in line to join our L.A. crime saga!