I wasn't shocked to hear Hollywood's finally getting over its stage fright about awards show hosts. On the 17th of March, it was announced that Conan O'Brien, our red-headed late-night court jester, is set to return as the host for the 2026 Academy Awards. His first stint earlier this year was received with applause. Not literally. It's Hollywood, darling. Applause is for Broadway. But metaphorically, yes, he got applause.

The academy, for unfathomable reasons, failed to allow him to dress an Oscar statue up or place one on a couch, but our dear Conan struck the right chord anyway. His response to being asked back? “The only reason I'm hosting the Oscars next year is that I want to hear Adrien Brody finish his speech,” he quipped. Those in the know will get that jest. I had to Google it.

The news comes early, considering O'Brien didn't sign on for this year's ceremony until November. Apparently, the Hollywood brass has decided to strike while the iron is still hot. Makes sense, considering the role of an awards show host has, of recent years, become as attractive as a root canal. Kevin Hart could tell you all about that, poor fellow.

Hosting an awards show comes with a paycheck that would be considered paltry by Tinseltown standards. Jimmy Kimmel once disclosed earning about $15,000 for the gig. Nikki Glaser, however, made a hefty sum of $400,000 for hosting the Golden Globes. Still less than her male counterparts, mind you. Wage gap, meet Hollywood. Hollywood, wage gap.

The role of an awards show host, once a shiny gem in one's career crown, has become a bit of a poisoned chalice in recent years. The ratings take a nosedive, and the hosts get a lashing, even if they do a stellar job. Ask Seth MacFarlane about that one.

But it seems the tide is turning. Praise has been heaped on O'Brien, Glaser, Trevor Noah, and Kristen Bell for their hosting prowess. So, it's no surprise the Oscars and Globes are snatching up their hosts well in advance. As far as I can tell, it's a good strategy. Unless you're Jo Koy. But that's a tale for another time.