In 1999, Shannon Elizabeth was the heartthrob of every wide-eyed adolescent who had snuck into the theater to watch 'American Pie.' She played the smoking hot exchange student, Nadia, who left audiences gasping. But that was then. Now, the former pin-up girl has swapped Hollywood for a life in South Africa, caring for blind rhinos. It's quite a career move: from scantily clad starlet to big-hearted conservationist. 

"I moved to Africa about eight years ago," she announced to a mildly astounded crowd at a recent fan convention in Pittsburgh. Apparently, she's busy constructing a sanctuary for her one and only blind black rhino. And it appears one isn't enough. As soon as she gets the funds, she plans to import more. Quite the lifestyle change, but I suppose once you've been in 'American Pie,' 'Scary Movie,' and 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back,' what else is there to do but to rescue visually impaired jungle beasts?

It all started after wrapping up 'American Pie,' Elizabeth confessed, when she founded a charity initially focused on dogs and cats. Over time, it seems her tastes have evolved, or perhaps, enlarged, moving from domesticated pets to wild rhinos. 

In retrospect, she seems to have had some doubts about her career choice. Recalling her experience in the studio, trying out different accents for her role in 'American Pie,' she confessed, "I thought, 'this movie is going to suck.' They were messing with the accent and I had no idea what they would choose." Turns out, the accent wasn't a disaster, and neither was the movie. But hey, she's moved on now. From pie to rhino, it's been quite a journey for our dear exchange student. 

The reunion of the original cast for 'American Reunion' was an experience of nostalgia and newfound appreciation for the film. On the movie's 25th anniversary, Jason Biggs reflected on the lasting impact of the movie, "Wherever I travel, people want to talk to me about it." I guess some pies just stick with you. 

So, from all of us still stuck with the image of Shannon Elizabeth, we hope the rhinos appreciate her as much as we did.