





Manage your account



Matthew Broderickis a supportive dad.

Speaking exclusively to PEOPLE at the 2025 SeriousFun Children’s Network Gala on Monday, April 7, the actor, 63, revealed that the children he shares with his wifeSarah Jessica Parkerhave very different opinions on following in their famous parents' footsteps into acting.

Broderick tells PEOPLE that one of his daughters — he and Parker share 13-year-old twinsTabitha Hodge and Marion Loretta Elwell— is "repelled" by the idea of performing. “If you say, ‘What about you?’ She says ‘Nope, no absolutely not', " he shares.

However, theNo Hard Feelingsstar says their son,James Wilkie, 22, is keen to carve his name in the acting world.

“I think he is gonna try, yeah. He's very smart,” Broderick says. “He has a really good education too, so he has a lot of different things he can do, but I think right now he likes acting.”

The father of three says he and his wife are there to support James in his acting endeavors, with Parker even helping him with his audition tapes.

Never miss a story — sign up forPEOPLE's free daily newsletterto stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Stephanie Augello/Variety via Getty

Related:Sarah Jessica Parker Is 60! Look Back at Some of the Fabulous Throwback Photos of Her with Husband Matthew Broderick

“Well, I'll give advice if I'm asked, [but] my wife is with him when he does auditions. It's self-tape nowadays and she'll read with him and tell him, ’It’s not good,’ " Broderick jokes. “And you know I will too. We definitely [support him] but only if he wants to," he adds.

In January, the proud father spoke to PEOPLE about his son making his on-screen debut on CBS'Elsbeth.

Broderick noted that he was, "So proud and happy to work with my son James," on the project.

Michael Loccisano/Getty

He added, "Working with everyone onElsbethwas a pleasure and I’m excited for the episode to come out."

Meanwhile, back in 2023, Parker appeared on iHeartRadio'sTable for Two with Bruce Bozzipodcast and spoke about wanting her children to make a living for themselves.

Related:Matthew Broderick Reveals Why He Never Appeared onSex and the CityAlongside Wife Sarah Jessica Parker

The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

“You want your children to understand what it means to earn money, what it takes toearn money, the value of it," theSex and The Citystar said.

She added, "I think it's a great way of living for children, that their needs are met — to be fed, safe and loved.”

“The important things in life: books and food and interesting experiences, and they're warm in the winter and cool in summer,” Parker said. “But they should pine for things, they should want things."

Read the original article onPeople