





Manage your account



Netizens are concerned about whetherTravis KelceandTaylor Swiftare still together, as rumors suggesting abreak up between the twohave started trending online. The two have been keeping a low profile since Kelce’s team, theKansas City Chiefs, lost the Super Bowl title to thePhiladelphia Eaglesin February.

So, here is all the information fans need to know about whether the couple has parted ways or not.

Recently, Swifties were left puzzled after rumors suggesting that the NFL star is breaking up with the “Red” singer overtook the internet.

However, fans can rest assured as the rumor is false. Besides, a source recently claimed that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are still very much in love and are progressing amazingly. Speculations of a break-up between the couple recently hit social media. Moreover, the topic instantly started trending after it was reported that they were taking a break from the spotlight.

According toUS Weekly, a source claimed that the decision to step away from the public eye was taken after the couple got heavily engrossed in their careers. Sometime ago, Swift was conducting the final leg of her Eras Tour and attending the Grammys. Meanwhile, Kelce was busy with Super Bowl 2025.

The source told the outlet, “Taylor and Travis are doing great, and they’re still very much together and in love. They’re just taking a break from the public eye. They’re enjoying some R&R after working their butts off, making the most of their time off.” The source added that the lovebirds are looking to enjoy a “normal life” after some chaotic past months.

Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift are constantly a part of the limelight. Their outings from dinner dates to clubbing have made it to the headlines countless times. Recently, the pair again became the center of attention after their clip from Coachella 2024 went viral. As reported byComingSoonbefore, in the clip, Kelce and Swift were seen taking a stroll hand-in-hand.

The post‘Travis Kelce Breaks up With Taylor Swift’ Trend Explainedappeared first onComingSoon.net - Movie Trailers, TV & Streaming News, and More.