Well, it seems the 'youths' have traded in their Instagram feeds for the popcorn-scented allure of the silver screen. All thanks to the cinematic monolith, "A Minecraft Movie." Picture, if you will, a troupe of pixelated misfits (played by the rugged Jason Momoa and the eternally energetic Jack Black) stumbling around a world of cubes and side quests. It's the third-biggest opening for Warner Bros., raking in a staggering $163 million domestically and a whopping $313.7 million worldwide. Not too shabby for a film based on a game about building blocky creations, eh?

Now, what really set the box office alight was one particular scene involving a 'chicken jockey.' If you're like me and your knowledge of Minecraft is limited to 'it's like virtual Lego but with more zombies', let me explain. A chicken jockey, in the Minecraft universe, is a baby zombie riding a chicken. And when Jack Black's character utters those two words, well, the kids go absolutely bananas.

The scene has led to popcorn being tossed, kids leaping from their seats, and an impromptu sing-along to a 1969 hit that most of their parents wouldn't even remember. The phrase 'chicken jockey' has become a viral sensation, and kids are flocking to theaters just to partake in the madness. One patron even likened it to "the wildest theater experience of my life," and another compared it to the cult classic, "The Rocky Horror Picture Show."

But not everyone's laughing. Movie theaters have been forced to play school principal, warning the rowdy bunch that their shenanigans could lead to an early departure. I can only imagine the 16-year-old usher's delight at having to confront hordes of sugar-fueled, Minecraft-loving tweens.

Despite the chaos, the film is being hailed as a joyous experience for the Minecraft fandom. And while some of us don't quite understand the obsession, we must grudgingly admit that the intensity of these young moviegoers is something to behold. Whether it's cause for concern or celebration is up for debate. But in the meantime, if you're planning on seeing "A Minecraft Movie," you might want to bring some earplugs. And maybe a helmet.