With the unerring fervor of a masochist, creators Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann, have once again faithfully adapted their apocalyptic video game, 'The Last of Us', into a second gut-wrenching season for HBO. The quantity of fans coming to the new season either spoiled or unspoiled is as accurately predictable as my chances of running a marathon. But let me assure you, whether you're vaguely aware or utterly clueless about the upcoming plot twists, the second season promises to be a stress-inducing rollercoaster, making your heart race faster with each tragic scene.

The merry gang from the popular series, including our favorite tragically bonded duo Ellie (Bella Ramsey) and Joel (Pedro Pascal), return after a five-year gap. They’ve somehow carved out a semblance of normality amidst the ruins of civilization, in the revived township of Jackson, Wyoming. They even find time for a good old hoedown or a romantic escapade with a fellow survivor, because nothing says 'post-apocalyptic life' quite like a love triangle.

Just when I thought things were going swimmingly, in comes Abby (Kaitlyn Dever), harboring a grudge against Joel that's bigger than my collection of Christmas-themed turtlenecks. You see, Joel, in his heroic rescue mission, offed someone Abby was rather fond of. And, of course, she wants payback. Meanwhile, Ellie has been harboring suspicions about Joel's rescue story and as a result, their father-daughter bond is as strained as my relationship with my Fitbit.

The cast is peppered with old and new faces, and Catherine O'Hara, as a sardonic therapist with a peculiar payment method involving weed and booze, shines brighter than my bald spot in the midday sun. The only hiccup in this riveting ride is the show's penchant for non-chronological storytelling, which often left me feeling as lost as I do in a gym.

Despite its somber undertone, the show isn't all gloom and doom. Ellie finds a glimmer of happiness with Dina (Isabela Merced) and there's a heartwarming episode that delves into key relationships, reaffirming the innate humanity of the characters even amidst the fungal zombie carnage.

So, brace yourself for a season filled with raw emotions, gut punches, and a lot of guitars that Ellie seems to find in the ruins of civilization. 'The Last of Us' Season 2 premieres on April 13th on HBO and HBO Max. I suggest you have a handy stash of tissues, or if you're like me, a comfort snack to help you through the emotional onslaught.