





Manage your account



Theo Wargo/WireImage

Stephen Baldwinis sharing the secret to his successful relationship.

While at Steel City Con in Monroeville, Pa., on Saturday, April 5, the actor opened up about married life with his wifeKennya Baldwin. The couple have been married for nearly 35 years, having tied the knot on June 10, 1990, and credit faith and forgiveness for their long-lasting union.

"It's really my faith that's kept us together, and her faith, and all that," Stephen said in a Q&A moderated by Michael "Zombo" Devine.

Desiree Navarro/FilmMagic

"People ask me this before they get married: 'What's your secret?' " he continued. "I go, 'What's the one word you've got to remember to stay married for 35 years?' And they go, 'Love.' No. 'Commitment.' No. 'Cherish.' No. 'Honor.' No. I go, 'Forgiveness.' That's the most important word to remember about your spouse."

Related:A Guide to the Baldwin Family

Stephen — who was born into Catholicism but joked that he left the religion because he was "such a horrible sinner, it just didn't work" — said he learned his one-word secret of forgiveness in his "born again thing."

Never miss a story — sign up forPEOPLE's free daily newsletterto stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Stephen and Kennya were both 19 when they first met on a bus ride in New York City in 1987. Stephen described their meeting to the audience as a "super blessing."

Ron Galella, Ltd./Ron Galella Collection/Getty

On Jan. 23, 1993, about three years after they got married, the couple welcomed their first child, a daughter namedAlaia Baldwin.Hailey Baldwin— who changed her last name to Bieber whenshe marriedsingerJustin Bieber— completed the family when she was born on Nov. 22, 1996. The sisters both pursued careers in modeling.

Speaking withEllein 2021, Hailey, 28, reflected on her parents' marriage and how it has influenced her own love life.

“I know sometimes they drive each other crazy, but they love each other,” she said. “When I was young and I would hear the story of how they met, it sounded like the most romantic thing in the world. You fantasize about having the same thing. I do think it influenced me to want to be married young.”

Read the original article onPeople