Picture this: Ben Affleck, Hollywood heartthrob and the man who somehow managed to make Batman look like a mid-life crisis, sat down for a chinwag with GQ. It was a bit like therapy, only with fewer tears and more public interest.

You might be thinking, "Hey, isn't that the bloke who was married to Jennifer Lopez... twice?" And you'd be correct. But according to Affleck, his fame and her fame were like putting oil on water — they just didn't mix. Seems the spotlight was too much for his hermit-like tendencies. At least, that's what he said, but I reckon he might just be playing coy.

Where were we? Ah, yes, co-parenting. According to Affleck, handling the tabloids with his ex-wife, Jennifer Garner, was like playing a never-ending game of whack-a-mole. One week, they'd be having a baby, the next, they'd be on the brink of divorce. Fortunately, the pair are about as tight as a pair of Spanx on Thanksgiving, making the rumors about as substantial as a politician's promise.

Speaking of rumors, Affleck has something to say about those whispers of a reconciliation with Garner. Nope, ain't happening. Garner's currently seeing some businessman named John, and Affleck... well, he's just trying to figure out how to collect his Amazon packages without being papped.

Now, let's move onto Batman. Affleck had big plans to portray the caped crusader as a grizzled, broken man — a refreshing take, I must say. Unfortunately, his son found it scarier than a clown at a birthday party, and the whole concept was quickly abandoned. Ah, the woes of artistic vision.

Affleck's journey with sobriety also came up. He admitted that during the filming of Justice League, he was as cheerful as a wet weekend, which didn't exactly make him employee of the month. But hey, we all have our off days, right?

Finally, his Oscar-winning film with BFF Matt Damon. Turns out, loads of people think they're the characters they played in the film. As if Affleck is some kind of math genius. I'm not buying it. It's like he's desperately trying to sell me a car, and I'm thinking, "mate, I don't even drive." Hilarious!