Once upon a time in the land of fame and fortune, Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper bumped into each other at a party. Not the kind you'd imagine, bursting with champagne and caviar, but rather, a kid's backyard birthday bash. Quite the wild soiree, I'm sure. They've been dating over a year now, and as Hadid puts it, they're "very romantic and happy," which is promising since she's not describing their relationship as "awful and miserable."

You’d think their love story would be more James Bond than Mary Poppins, but here we are. Hadid, a mother herself, found common ground with Cooper, who also has a daughter. Remember girls, if you're looking to snag an Oscar nominee, go hang out at the nearest bouncy castle.

Hadid claims her relationship with Cooper wouldn't have happened earlier in her life. Presumably, the 50-year-old actor and her didn't cross paths at any high school proms. She respects him as a "creative" and admires his ability to encourage and believe in her. It sounds like a lovely partnership, almost as well-matched as wine and cheese.

While they're not exactly hermits, they don't parade their relationship around like a show pony. Hadid comments on the difficulty of maintaining privacy and avoiding TMZ, who I'm sure are just dying to snag a shot of them doing something outrageous like...holding hands. 

Hadid and Cooper's love story is often told by "unnamed sources" which tend to get some details right, some wrong. Not as confusing as my Aunt Bertha trying to operate a smartphone, but close. As for the past, she has nothing but love for her ex, Zayn Malik. They're "co-parenting" their daughter Khai with a spirit of camaraderie. Very civilized, very mature, but sadly, no room for any juicy gossip.

In summary, a supermodel and an actor found love at a kid's birthday party, and they're keeping it as private as they can amid the blinding paparazzi flashbulbs. Not exactly a fairytale, but it's Hollywood – where even the mundane can seem magical if you squint your eyes and put enough filters on it.