





Manage your account



CinemaBlend and Yahoo may earn commission from links in this article. Pricing and availability subject to change.

When you buy through links on our articles, Future and its syndication partners may earn a commission.

FBI: International's Fly Team entered a new era in Season 4, with apremiere designed to feel like a pilotandChicago P.D.alum Jesse Lee Soffer stepping in as new SSA Wes Mitchell to replace Luke Kleintank's SSA Scott Forrester as leader. The latest episode in the2025 TV schedule, which aired on April 1 and is available streaming now with aPeacock subscription, ended on a note I didn't expect: sparks flying between Wes and Christina Wolfe's Amanda Tate.

I'm not sure how I feel about a possible relationship at this point, but I do know one thing: there may not be time left in the series to do it justice ifInternationalmoves forward with it. CBScancelled bothInternationalandFBI: Most Wantedback in early March, and I'm still not over it even a full month since the news broke that the spinoffs were done andFBI: CIAis moving forward. So, I was surprised by the final scene ofInternational's first episode of April, called "Little Angel," when it ended on a note that had me wondering if we were about to see the first Fly Team kiss since Forrester and Kellett.

After the case of the week reunited Wes with his ex Ella and then put him in the position of either reporting her sketchy dealings or closing the case, he decided to drown his sorrows in a Budapest bar. I was a little lost on why the bartender called Amanda to retrieve her boss and get him home, although it did make sense that "Little Angel" would have a Wes/Amanda tag after they'd debated the Ella issue back and forth. It even made sense that Wes was opening up about his past, since his tongue was loosened by liquor.

But then Wes cracked a joke about how "HR is gonna bust in the windows like ninjas" if she came in his apartment after walking him back, which at least floated the idea that something more could happen, and she followed up by addressing how she has made her own "messed up" relationship decisions just like how Wes did with Ella. Wes wondered, "Why can't we see what's right in front of our face?" And there was even – to quote the subtitles on Paramount+, anyway –[soft dramatic music]playing at they looked at each other. It was enough that I started hoping that there would be no kiss because Wes was drunk.

Paramount Plus: from $7.99 a month/$79.99 a yearHome to CBS TV shows and Paramount movies, including the Jesse Lee Soffer era ofFBI: International, subscribe to Paramount Plus. Opt for its Essential plan or go ad-free and get double the catalog with Showtime through the Premium plan from $12.99 a month. Alternatively, get 12 months for the price of 10 with its annual plan.View Deal

Well, consider this the second time that I've misjudged whether or not a Jesse Lee Soffer character was going to kiss a law enforcement coworker! Just like how I was convinced thatHalstead definitely wasn't going to kiss Uptonback at the beginning of the Upstead arc ofChicago P.D.Season 8, I really thought we were about to see those sparks catching fire between Amanda and Wes onFBI: International.

Of course, notexpecting the Upstead slow burnto speed up three episodes into a season is very different from suspecting that Wes and Amanda would pick up speed out of nowhere with a limited number of episodes left in the series, and I'm not sure if I would have been on board with a kiss even if both agents were sober. It remains to be seen ifInternationalintends to follow up on their moment together or if I'm seeing smoke where there weren't supposed to be any sparks.

The promo for the new episode on April 8 doesn't give away anything on the front, but eagle-eyed viewers can spot a returning character: Jay Hayden's Agent Tyler Booth! Take a look:

Keep tuning in to CBS on Tuesdays at 9 p.m. ET for the remaining episodes ofFBI: International's fourth and now final season, betweenFBIat 8 p.m. ET andFBI: Most Wantedat 10 p.m. ET. The finales for all three shows don't air until May 20, so there's still plenty of time before the final credits roll for the two spinoffs. For now, you can always revisit earlier episodes from the current seasons streaming on Paramount+.