





Manage your account



Jesse Grant/Variety via Getty

Eric André has revealed his regrets over turning down Kieran Culkin's role inA Real Painduring an April 7 appearance onJimmy Kimmel Live!

The actor and comedian joked that he only read the first 10 pages of the script before deciding that it was "depressing" and not on-brand

Culkin won Best Supporting Actor at the 2025 Oscars for his performance

Eric André is opening up about one of his biggest professional regrets.

During an April 7 appearance onJimmy Kimmel Live!, André, 42, revealed that he turned downKieran Culkin'sOscar-winningrole inA Real Pain. André shared that he had been sent the movie's script and read a few pages before deciding he wasn't interested in pursuing the role.

"I was working on something else when I read the script. I read the script. It was like 120 pages about two Jews babbling about the Holocaust, and that seemed a bit depressing to me upon first read. And I was like, 'You know what? I'm a comedian; I want to stay in my lane as a comedian,' " he explained

André felt unsure if it the movie was right for "my brand." Looking back, he told hostJimmy Kimmelit was "the biggest mistake of my entire career."

Related:Eric André Went to the Hospital for a Concussion After John Cena Threw Him ‘Through a Shelf’ (Exclusive)

VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty

A Real Painwas directed byJesse Eisenberg, who also appeared alongside Culkin, 42, in the film. André praised them both, saying that they are "incredibly talented." Culkin won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor at the2025 Academy Awardson March 3.

Kimmel, 57, went on to ask the comedian if he "really read" the script before turning down the offer.

"I read like the first 10 pages," André candidly replied. "Who reads a script? You know how boring it is reading a script? It's excruciating. Feels like school in summertime. All the Adderall in the world couldn't get me to read a single script."

He continued, joking, "I agree to movies, and I don't even know what happens after the second act."

Photo Courtesy of Searchlight Pictures

Never miss a story — sign up forPEOPLE's free daily newsletterto stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Culkin secured his first Oscar nomination and his first win for his role inA Real Pain. He beat out fellow nomineesYua Borisov,Edward Norton,Guy PearceandJeremy Strongto take home the prestigious award.

In February, Pearce, 57,predicted that Culkin would winin the category. “I’ve been nominated for a few of these awards, and I haven’t won any!” he toldThe Guardian“I’m not gonna win! Kieran will win, again.”

TheSuccessionactor took home similar wins at other awards shows, including theBAFTAsand theGolden Globes.

During his acceptance speech at the Oscars, Culkin revealed that his wifeJazz Chartonhadpromised that they could try to expand their familyif he won the award.

The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

Kevin Winter/Getty

Related:See Kieran Culkin, Jesse Eisenberg, Jennifer Grey and More Arrive forA Real Pain's Premiere in N.Y.C.

“Please don't play the music because I want to tell a really quick story about Jazz. About a year ago, I was on a stage like this, and I very stupidly publicly said that I want a third kid from her, because she said if I won the award, she would give me the kid,” he said, referencinghis acceptance speechfrom the 2023Emmy Awards.

He continued, joking, “It turns out she said that because she didn't think I was gonna win."

Culkin said that he referenced her promise after the Emmys and decided to up the stakes by asking for a third and a fourth baby.

“And she turned to me, I swear to God, this happened. It was just over a year ago. She said, 'I will give you four when you win an Oscar,' " he said. “I held my hand out. She took it, and I have not brought it up once, until just now.”

Read the original article onPeople