With all the fervor of a middle school gossip ring, Hollywood is all aflutter over a lawsuit that's got Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, and Justin Baldoni's attorney trading barbs sharper than a Wolverine claw.

Tuesday, Reynolds, a.k.a the lovable goofball we know as Deadpool, asked a court to dismiss Baldoni's $400 million lawsuit against him and his fair lady, Blake Lively, with the casual nonchalance of a celebrity ordering a double soy latte. His argument? He didn't deny that his Deadpool & Wolverine character, "Nicepool," made fun of Baldoni, but likened the director's lawsuit to a spat over hurt feelings. I suppose if I had Reynolds' money and charm I'd brush off a $400 million lawsuit like dandruff, too.

Reynolds' lawyers questioned his involvement in Lively's allegations of sexual harassment against Baldoni, essentially saying, "What's that got to do with me?" Baldoni's attorney, Bryan Freedman, disagreed in the strongest terms, accusing Reynolds of running a Hollywood smear campaign against Baldoni.

According to Freedman, Reynolds, who is not just Deadpool but also apparently a puppet master, coerced talent agency WME into dropping Baldoni as a client. Reynolds then allegedly called Baldoni a sexual predator in private, which in my own personal experience doesn't make for a great ice-breaker at parties.

Freedman accused Reynolds of trying to skirt responsibility, and while he might be able to run from a grizzly bear in his Aviator Gin commercials, he can't run from this lawsuit. In response, Reynolds’ lawyers argued that their client has a First Amendment right to express his opinion of Baldoni. 

Celebrity lawyer and apparent Star Wars fan Chris Melcher of Walzer Melcher & Yoda thinks it's unlikely Reynolds will be dismissed, but Baldoni might have to tweak his complaint. Melcher explained that Reynolds, however passionately he might believe Baldoni is a predator, can't avoid liability simply by claiming he believed his statements to be true. 

Reynolds' representative released a statement saying the claims are just a list of grievances attempting to shame Reynolds for being the man Baldoni has built his brand pretending to be. All in all, it feels like a real-life superhero saga with lawsuits instead of superpowers. I like my drama on the screen, not in the courtroom, thank you very much.